what's up everybody its grim your
YouTube wrestling figures heavyweight
champion along with do op and sister
Abigail and you know unfortunately a few
days ago we lost our patriarch of our
family uncensored super pop and God we
love that man oh my god but um you know
I kind of didn't want to come on here
and make a video cry my eyes out which I
probably would have yesterday or the day
before but uh - Hobbs got one coming up
where everything ran out
Oh wasted but um I thought that we could
come on here and just tell you some
funny stories about super pop and just
rejoice in his life because I know
that's what he would have wanted he'd
sit there tight stop crying you big
moron with me the dummy give me a
sandwich
give me a sandwich make me some fucking
coffee yeah you always like to make you
laugh I think that meant leave to make
everybody that I really did and you know
that's that's how I want him to be
remembered as you know what a fun-loving
happy guy and he had a full happy long
life of love and I'll never forget when
he used to letter shoot the BB gun in
the house misuk where I was mostly sure
he goes on a North down a fucking
hallway pouring fucking raining outside
but we can't go outside shoot to be the
gun like you know eight years all the
videos shooting go away because he goes
we know if you hit that door Hindu
because of the cocaine yeah okay oh I
gotta McColl's hey alright we're gonna
go we love you
well how many cheeseburgers you want 10
or 12 it was never like okay one down 10
to 12 little um you should they're
halfway through your tenth we'd be like
you I go up against some more yeah I
remember the one time he says I was like
I'm on a diet super pumped gotta watch
it goes off and he reaches down
underneath the water container and real
hidden down there he's got the oatmeal
cream pies this risk' grows and he goes
likes nobody's gotta know nobody's gonna
know like you're on a diet you just
snuck down oatmeal
nobody will know it is I promise thank
you and how do you say no to Manny what
I'm gonna have one absolutely yeah you
guys fuck you all you one hey puck you
lose the weight oh yeah he good today I
didn't even need anything there's a few
know I could have a little sandwich
earlier a little sandwich fucking 12
inch sub Oh Hawaii today oh you know I
did have a bagel for breakfast with
butter boy and my grandmother chimes in
what about those cookies you oh yeah I
had - cookies - cookies is fuku and what
were you doing at 4 o'clock this morning
chewing water out there follows a little
midnight snack of Reese's Pieces
compasses so now from eating nothing
today yet a little sandwich for cookies
Reese's Pieces in the middle of the
night if butter available please do
great on his diet he's nice black
chicken the vegetables for dinner
Oh KFC dragon fried chicken fries Oh me
take the keys not wrong right KFC Bo you
don't enjoy super Papa's the best ever
everybody tell you how to play cube card
pick up wheeze driving down the road
it says do up I want sure you did see a
game and I switched joking about he goes
it's called 52 called pickup right so
he's in his little blue pickup truck and
he rolls down the window and he was
watch I'll show you how to do it
turn right after window and they all go
he goes no joke with entire deck of
cards is out the window on the highway
there's no fucking thing about like
confetti hey how long before YouTube
ever existed he would fuck with
everybody at every store just to make
you laugh every phone call every phone
what every diner called the house I've
heard of something good
fuck yeah hello what are you selling I
don't want that shit why the fuck would
you think I would want that shit you
know never call here again moron
like I could have been filming you that
could have been YouTube go yeah he
picked me up from work but I worked at
Toys R Us I was 16 years old is you want
to go through I wanna go get the Donalds
see ya all right
takes me through the drive-thru and he
says he pulls up to the to the computer
reorder he's screaming I want four
cheeseburgers you better cook them all
the way to screaming at you both on one
pickle on there no pickles you hear me
you bastard
I'm dying there's no YouTube there's no
video camera in his face he's do it just
to make me laugh I'm the only one there
to atone we walked into the Roy Rogers
and one day they ordered they'd yell in
the microphone one buck cheese for a
cheeseburger
so remember he comes hold on a second he
grabbed the fuckin thing go scare play
for buck cheese and he grabbed the flag
of like run make for Bucky's and when he
goes through the drive-thru mmm hit
order it's a friggin machine they go
okay sir pull her onto the first window
he tried right past me
hey come around to the government sorry
you didn't stop with the window to pay
fuck you 82 you go fuck your parrot the
last window the negev in it sorry
because oh I'm sorry for good mom holes
I forgot just to make you laugh as soon
as they shut the window he's lucky you
know it's bad like Oh laughs like a
bastard yet as much as the stuff you've
seen onto YouTube from super pop the
family has gotten this much more do so
much more we could sit here and
literally talk all day long it but uh it
was just a little sampling of you know I
wanted to tribute pop the way he would
want to be remembered with love and
laughter and happiness and we love super
pop and the outpouring of support from
you guys all your comments and tweets
and everything are seen on the videos
and trust me I have read them all and
the outpouring of support for you guys
has been incredible we all thank you so
much and we hope that you guys enjoy
super pop forever watching these YouTube
videos as we will because we'll always
have him in our hearts and we'll always
have his voice and his laughter and his
joke's on the videos and God rest your
soul super pop we love you forever
mister is best ur was best irreverent
will be then now and forever rest in
peace